feat: add postcss codemod (#893)
commercetools/ui-kit: codemods/custom-property-replacer/README.md

#### Custom Property Replacer

> The purpose of this PostCSS plugin is to replace deprecated custom properties with their replacement custom properties. To use this plugin, follow the following instructions.

Reviewer: "replace x with their replacement y" sounds a bit redundant... How about:
```suggestion
The purpose of this PostCSS plugin is to replace deprecated custom properties with the new custom properties. To use this plugin, follow the following instructions.
```

First, start by installing `postcss-cli`. You will use this to run the css transformation.

> `yarn add -D postcss-cli`

Reviewer 2: I would maybe recommend to use `npx` to run the command, as it's usually a one time thing, so there is no need to have an extra dependency installed
